MY NEIGHBOR BERONG

Hi, I am Tim. I live next to a fire station where I see my neighbors 
helping out as a team. 
One of them is Berong. Berong exercises in the morning, which helps 
to keep his body strong and moving. Stretch, bend, jump, and run 
always do these with so much fun!
I want to be like him!
He guides the elders in crossing the street, which I find very sweet. 
I want to be like him! 
When the alarm rings, he comes wearing a helmet, coat, pants, and 
boots, a mighty warrior who rides a truck and is ready to rock. 
I want to be like him!
He is always ready to extinguish the fire with water and helps like a 
brother.
I want to be like him! 
He is there to rescue our pets and knows what tools to get- a ladder, a 
hammer, and a rope to tie together; if you call him, he’ll help like no 
other. 
I want to be like him!
He guides the elders in crossing the street, which I find very sweet. 
I want to be like him! 
When the alarm rings, he comes wearing a helmet, coat, pants, and 
boots, a mighty warrior who rides a truck and is ready to rock. 
I want to be like him!
Oh, yes! He is not working alone; he has friends he gets along with. 
They are brave and strong and will let you feel that you belong. 
They are called firefighters, and they will make our future brighter!
Once they see us playing matches, they say be careful! It is a match; do 
not play with it. A child must be away from anything that gets hot – a 
match, a stove, a candle, and a fire; these are the things that we should 
not desire. 
They say remember S-A-F-E. These four letters will make our lives 
better.

SOUND THE ALARM
ALERT THE AUTHORITIES
FIGHT THE FIRE
EVACUATE

If you see someone who caught fire on their clothes, ask them to STOP! 
DROP! and ROLL! and it should be under control. Come on! Let’s do it; 
helping out is our goal! 
I have so much to learn from my neighbor Berong! I am sure he will 
not get it wrong! 
Firefighters like them will keep us safe every day in every way! 
Hooray! I want to be like them! 
THE END.

FOR IMAGE REFER TO PAGE 202