Series 2: 
Housekeeping with Limo

Limo lives on top of a hill; he also likes to grill and drill. Limo takes pride in his house — a house made of thick wood, big screws, bright paints, and lights.
Wow! This house is cool!” Coco exclaims as his brother welcomes him to live 
there together.
Coco enters the house, smiling and zooming, excited to see his room. “BUMP! 
Oops, sorry for that, I did not see the cord tangled on a board,” said Coco.
That’s fine. Please be careful as you spend your time, Limo replied.
They continued to go around the house and suddenly, here comes the running 
mouse! SQUEAK, SQUEAK! Aah! You have a mouse. Coco got frightened. 
Limo, why do you keep these things around? Look, an old oven with lots of 
used paper when you open, old clothes on a rack that you cannot even close, 
and the fridge you found under the bridge. Oh! This looks like a mess! Are you 
sure we can stay here and get enough rest?
Oh, yes. I like it the way it is! Limo said.
Alright! I am just worried. Having your things all over the place doesn’t save 
you from any trouble, Coco said.
Yes, I am fine! I’m used to it. I know how to take care of my things, Coco. Don’t you worry! Limo explained.
Oh here! Do you want to play a video game? This is easy like telling a name. I’ll 
plug it in, on the switch, so we can begin.
Wait up! Here? Are you sure? There are too many plugs into the electrical socket 
already. That is not safe!
Don’t worry! I do this all the time. Here, look!” Limo slowly puts the plug of the 
TV into the socket, and BOOM! The socket starts to spark; lots and lots and lots 
of bright sparks fly all over the house. Oh no! My house! I need help! Someone, 
please call 911!
Limo’s house caught on fire, too.
So, someone riding a firetruck was in a hurry to rescue. He is wearing a helmet, 
coat, pants and boots. Who could it be looking after you?
Here comes… Firedog Presley! “I’m here for you and the other firedogs too,” he 
assured.
Holding a fire extinguisher, he quickly put out the small fire, he goes... 
PULL the pin! 
AIM at the base of the fire! 
SQUEEZE the lever! 
SWEEP from side to side! until the fire was out.

Limo, can you tell me how it happened? Presley asked.
All I remember was that my house was full of everything that I found on the 
market, even the oldest clothes in my closet. I plugged the TV into the socket, 
which I always do with things from my pocket, and suddenly, bright sparks 
started to fly like a rocket.
Limo, next time, don’t do that! You have to remember that it is not bad to keep 
everything that you have seen. Just make sure to keep your house clean, place 
them nicely in between, and imagine you are living with a queen. For sure, you 
will be safe and you’ll understand what I mean, Firedog Presley replied.
Yes, brother. Thank you for being so helpful!
THE END.



QUESTION
Who are the characters in the story?
What kind of house he has? Do you remember?
How did the house get burned?
What would you feel if you were Limo?
Who came to help fight the fire?
What would you do if you were Limo?
If there is fire, who do we call?

(FOR IMAGE REFER TO PAGE 91)

