Series 3: 
A Day with Presley

After what happened, Coco and Limo were very sad they didn’t have a place to 
stay. However, their eldest brother Presley extended a helping hand.
Presley is the most famous dog of them all and he never made others feel so 
small.
“Oh, look! Is that Brother Presley’s house?” Two dogs were seen sneaking out 
from under the bush.
Presley’s house, the smallest in town, guess what? It was clean and shiny like 
a crown.
“Presley! Our brother!” Coco and Limo screamed.
Presley welcomed the two brothers into his house. They were surprised to see 
how tidy and clean it was - no cords, no boards, and everything was in place 
which made it look like a bigger space.

Suddenly, a cry for help reached Presley. “Presley! Presley! Help! My stove is 
burning!” Mr. Duck was in a hurry.
Presley quickly grabbed his helmet, coat, pants, and boots. He took a red tube 
from next to the exit door and asked his brother Limo to call 911 and inform the 
Fire Brigade about it.
Presley entered the house and looked for the kitchen and the stove that was 
burning. He remembers to be careful in the hopes for this mission to be 
successful.
PULL the pin!
AIM the base of the fire!
SQUEEZE the lever!
SWEEP from side to side!
He continued using the fire extinguisher until the fire was completely out.
Mr. Duck was very grateful for Presley’s help. “Thank you so much for your help, 
Sir Presley! We feel so safe having you around. You are the best firefighter, Sir 
Presley!” Mr. Duck expressed with gladness.
Coco and Limo were delighted to hear that their brother was a great help in 
Bigpaw Town.
“Wow! Our brother is amazing! We should learn some Fire Safety Tips from 
him!” said Coco.
“Yes, that is what we need to do, so we’ll be prepared, ready, and safe in case of a 
fire,” Limo answered.
And the two rushed down to their brother,
“Presley, our brother! We are so proud of you! You always save the day! We want 
to be like you! Hooray! ”


QUESTIONS
Who are the characters in the story?
What kind of house he has? Do you remember?
Did you see Presley’s house getting burned?
Why do you think so? What makes his house different from Coco and Limo’s houses?
So, it wasn’t Presley’s house that got burned, then whose house, was it? Who called up for help?
Yes, Mr Duck rushed down to ask for help. But why? What happened?
Who came to help fight the fire?


FOR IMAGE REFER TO PAGE 146