Series 1: 
Playtime with Coco

In Bigpaw Animal Town, there were three (3) well-known dogs namely; Coco, 
Limo, and Presley. Other animals look up to them, as from a very young age, 
they managed to build their houses and look after themselves.
Coco is the youngest among the three. He built his house out of hay and 
welcomed his friends any time of the day. He has lots of friends who like to eat 
meat, so Coco as friendly as he is, takes charge of what to eat.
On a special day, Coco asked his mother to cook for his friend’s birthday. His 
mother immediately granted his wish, cooking their favorite dish. While 
cooking the food for them to munch, she asked Coco to keep it on watch, but 
Coco heard a loud banging sound of punch, Boom! Phew! Boom! Aha! They 
started the play, he exclaimed. He got curious and excited and ran outside, 
finding his way to join the play.

Having fun under the sun, he forgot about the pot boiling. Suddenly, their house 
caught fire!
Oh no! Our house! We need help! Someone, please call 911!

So, someone riding a firetruck was in a hurry to rescue. He is wearing a helmet, 
coat, pants and boots. Who could it be looking after you?
Here comes… Firedog Presley! “I’m here for you and the other firedogs too,” he 
assured.
Holding a fire extinguisher, he quickly put out the small fire, he goes, 
PULL the pin! 
AIM at the base of the fire! 
SQUEEZE the lever! 
SWEEP from side to side! until the fire was out.

Coco, can you tell me how it happened? Presley asked.
Mother asked me to look after her cooking. I waited until the pot started boiling, 
and then I left the stove running when I heard my friends playing. Coco explained. 
Next time, don’t do that. You have to remember, whenever you are cooking, keep 
looking, and don’t leave anything running to prevent this from happening, 
Firedog Presley advised.
Yes, brother. Thank you for being so helpful!
THE END.






QUESTIONS
Who are the characters in the story?
What kind of house he has? Do you remember?
How did the house get burned?
What would you feel if you were Coco?
Who came to help fight the fire?
How did he fight the fire?
What would you do if you were Coco?


(REFER TO PAGE 16 Above for IMAGE)

